VER 1

ADD AS MANY PEOPLE AS POSSIBLE‼️
(yes, you can leave. staying is optional)

For safety reasons do not add your parents/teacher in this group chat or you will be whooped or suspended 

Rules 

(Break them, get a warning)

No face reveal or any kind of suggestion related to face reveal ❌
Spam ❌ 
Racism ❌
Bulliying  ❌
No swearing ❌
#
Sending unrecognized files (e.g., .zip, .exe, .7z, .tar.gz) or suspicious/strange links ❌

(Immediate kick)

Corn, 18+ 🚨
Inappropriate content 🚨
Trying to flirt with CHILDREN 🚨
(ped0)

If you get 2 or more warning rules at the same time its immediate kick! 

be kind and respectful !



VER 2

👋 Welcome to the Group Chat 🥄
Keep in mind that the aim for this GC this year is for 100 people to be added.
🔕 Mute the GC if it gets loud, don’t yell at us to be quiet.

Feel free to add people you trust.
If you’re here, someone added you. We’re chill.
(DON'T DOX EACH OTHER!)
︵‿୨♡୧‿︵
⭐ Rules
👑 Listen to admins
🧠 Be reasonable
🤝 Respect everyone
🗣️ Limit swearing
🚫 No slurs
🚫 No form of NSFW
🚫 No spam
🚫 Don’t add weird/sketchy people
🚫 Don’t hit on people
🚫 No racism (no "nga")
🚫 No discrimination
🚫 No advertising please! (Groups or Discords)
🚫 DON'T BE A PERVERT 🙄✌️
🚫 Don't joke about suicide; people do die from that
🚫 Don't ragebait or be intentionally annoying
🚫 NO PEDOPHILIA JOKES
🚫 Don't joke about rape/molesting
︵‿୨♡୧‿︵
Let's not talk about religion too much. Saying "I'm Buddhist" or "I'm Catholic" is fine, but don't go explaining the afterlife, please. It could spark arguments. There are lots of people here with lots of other faiths and they could get offended. We'd rather not have too many arguments. And don't say offensive stuff about religions. Use your common sense.
︵‿୨♡୧‿︵
We do NOT need to know about your gooning and your obsession with penises. Keep that to yourself. Don't say things like "it got too excited and spilt." Keep your horny perverted thoughts to yourself.
Suggestive comments are fine, just don't make them too explicit. Don't make suggestive comments about innocent things like cookies or food, and DON'T SAY "YUMMY" TO EVERY ANIMAL YOU SEE. THAT'S GETTING ANNOYING.
Also don't send weird suggestive stickers.
︵‿୨♡୧‿︵
🌈 Homophobia is not allowed. Sexually offending someone will result in an instaban.
🙅 Don't ask for admin.
🚫 No jokes about horrible people (Hitler, Epstein, Diddy, Netanyahu, etc.).
⚠️ Don't support anyone making others uncomfortable or breaking rules.
😐 Keep weird personal fantasies to yourself.
And no, "liking Epstein" isn't a joke — he was a criminal. Jokes like that = ban.
︵‿୨♡୧‿︵
